deep update docs (#299)
MicrosoftDocs/OData-docs: Odata-docs/client/bulk-update-operations.md

---
title: "Bulk Update Operations in OData Client"
description: "How to perform bulk update operations in OData client"

author: ElizabethOkerio
ms.author: elokerio
ms.date: 6/29/2023
ms.topic: article
 
---
# Bulk Update Operations
**Applies To**: [!INCLUDE[appliesto-odataclient](../includes/appliesto-odataclient-v7.md)]

OData Client [v7.17.0](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.OData.Client/) introduced support for bulk update operations.

## What is a bulk update operation 

> A bulk update operation is an operation that allows you to perform several operations (GET, POST and PATCH) on resources of the same type and all their related resources using a single request. This can be highly efficient in situations where you need to update multiple resources and wish to avoid sending separate requests to process each resource. [Learn More](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/odata/bulk-operations-support-in-odata-web-api/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A bulk update operation is an operation that allows you to perform several operations (GET, POST and PATCH) on resources of the same type and all their related resources using a single request. This can be highly efficient in situations where you need to update multiple resources and wish to avoid sending separate requests to process each resource. [Learn more](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/odata/bulk-operations-support-in-odata-web-api/).
```

> A bulk update operation is an operation that allows you to perform several operations (GET, POST and PATCH) on resources of the same type and all their related resources using a single request. This can be highly efficient in situations where you need to update multiple resources and wish to avoid sending separate requests to process each resource. [Learn More](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/odata/bulk-operations-support-in-odata-web-api/).

Reviewer: Here's how "bulk update operation" is defined in the blog post that you referenced:

**A bulk operation is one that allows you to perform multiple operations (insert, update, delete) on multiple resources (of the same type) and their nested resources (to any level) with a single request.**

Are you able to perform a `GET` in a bulk update operation? How come here "delete" is not mentioned. Can you harmonize the doc and the blog post.

Author: It is suppossed to be post, patch and delete.

## Sample bulk update requests

### Model
To create the various sample requests in this tutorial, the following model classes will be used: 

``` csharp
public class Customer
{
    public int Id { get; set; }
    public string Name { get; set; }
    public int Age { get; set; }
    public List<Order> Orders { get; set; }
}

public class Order
{
    public int Id { get; set; }
    public decimal Amount { get; set; }
}
```
### Sample Request 1

> This sample request demonstrates how to create a bulk update request in OData client to create 2 new customers in a single request. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample request below demonstrates how to create a bulk update request in OData client to create 2 new customers in a single request:
```

> 

Reviewer: In the statements above here, you mention about demonstrating "how to create a bulk update request"I think what should follow immediately after is the C# code snippet. The PATCH request and the JSON payload are the result of translating the C# statements. I think they should come after

```http
PATCH http://localhost:6285/odata/Customers
```
Request Body

```json
{
	"@context": "http://localhost:6285/odata/$metadata#Customers/$delta",
	"value": [
		{
			"Id": 1,
			"Name": "Customer1",
			"Age": 26
		},
		{
			"Id": 2,
			"Name": "Customer2",
			"Age": 34
		}
	]
}
```

> How to make the above request from OData client using OData Connected Service. 

Reviewer: "using OData Connected Service" - I think you should drop that part. OData Connected Service is only used to generate the proxy classes and the helper methods but it's not true to say you're using OData Connected Service to make the request. There's more logic from the OData client library involved than OCS...

```csharp
var context = new Container(new Uri("http://localhost:6285/odata/"));

var customer1 = new Customer
{
    Id = 1,
    Name = "Customer1",
    Age = 26
};

context.AddToCustomers(customer1);

var customer2 = new Customer
{
    Id = 2,
    Name = "Customer2",
    Age = 34
};

context.AddToCustomers(customer2)

DataServiceResponse response = await context.BulkUpdateAsync(customer1, customer2);
```

### Sample Request 2
This sample request demonstrates how to create a bulk update request to create a new customer and 2 new orders and link the 2 created orders to the created customer.  

> ```http

Reviewer: See my comments here https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/OData-docs/pull/299/files#r1314491307

PATCH http://localhost:6285/odata/Customers
```
Request Body

```json
{
	"@context": "http://localhost:6285/odata/Customers/$delta",
	"value": [{
		"Id": 1,
		"Name": "Customer1",
		"Orders@delta": [{
				"Id": 1,
				"Amount": 10.24,
			},
			{
				"Id": 2,
				"Amount": 11.54
			}
		]
	}]
}
```

> How to make the above request from OData client using OData Connected Service.

Reviewer: See my comments here https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/OData-docs/pull/299/files#r1314487330

```csharp
var context = new Container(new Uri("http://localhost:6285/odata/"));

var customer = new Customer
{
    Id = 1,
    Name = "Customer1",
    Age = 26
};

context.AddToCustomers(customer1);

var order = new Order
{
    Id = 2,
    Amount = 10.24
};

> var order1 = new Order

Reviewer: ```suggestion
var order2 = new Order
```

`order` conventionally implies `order1`

{
    Id = 3,
    Amount = 11.54
}

context.AddToCustomers(customer2);

context.AddRelatedOject(customer, "Orders", order);
context.AddRelatedObject(customer, "Orders", order1);

DataServiceResponse response = await context.BulkUpdateAsync(customer);
```

### Sample Request 3
This sample request demonstrates how to create a new customer and update the amounts of 2 existing orders then link the updated orders to the created customer.

```http
PATCH http://localhost:6285/odata/Customers
```
Request Body
```json
{
	"@context": "http://localhost:6285/odata/Customers/$delta",
	"value": [{
		"Id": 1,
		"Name": "Customer1",
		"Orders@delta": [

>             {

Reviewer: nit: Fix JSON formatting

				"@id":"Orders(1)", 
                "Amount": 14.12
			},
			{

> 				"@Id": "Orders(2)",

Reviewer: Does it matter that this is `@Id` while for the first order it's `@id`? It probably doesn't but it's better to consistent so that readers don't face similar questions...

				"Amount": 23.21
			}
		]
	}]
}
```

How to make the above request from OData client using OData Connected Service. 

```csharp
var context = new Container(new Uri("http://localhost:6285/odata/"));

var customer = new Customer
{
    Id = 1,
    Name = "Customer1",
    Age = 26
};

context.AddToCustomers(customer);

DataServiceCollection<Order> ordersCollection = new DataServiceCollection<Order>(context);
ordersCollection.Load(context.Orders);

ordersCollection[0].Amount = 14.12;
ordersCollection[1].Amount = 23.21;

context.AddLink(customer, "Orders", ordersCollection[0]);
context.AddLink(customer, "Orders", ordersCollection[1]);

DataServiceResponse response = await context.BulkUpdateAsync(customer);
```
### Sample Request 4

> This sample request demonstrates how to update the age of an existing customer and remove a link to an existing order linked to the customer. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample request demonstrates how to update the age of an existing customer and remove a link to an existing order. 
```

So it doesn't sound like you're repeating yourself.

```http
PATCH http://localhost:6285/odata/Customers
```
Request Body
```json
{
	"@context": "http://localhost:6285/odata/Customers/$delta",
	"value": [{
		"Id": 1,
		"Name": "Customer1",
		"Age": 56,
		"Orders@delta": [{
			"@removed": {
				"reason": "changed"
			},
			"@id": "http://localhost:6285/odata/Orders(2)"
		}]
	}]
}
```
How to make the above request from OData client using OData Connected Service. 

```csharp
var context = new Container(new Uri("http://localhost:6285/odata/"));

> var customer = context.Customers.FirstOrDefault(a=>a.Id == 1);

Reviewer: This code snippet doesn't demonstrate `Age` being updated.

var order = context.Orders.FirstOrDefault(a=>a.Id == 2);

context.DeleteLink(customer, "Orders", order);

DataServiceResponse response = await context.BulkUpdateAsync(customer);
```

## Things to Note: 
When calling the `BulkUpdateAsync` method, you need to pass in the top-level objects that you want to perform a bulk update on. 

> If the request gets processed successfully, the `DataServiceResponse` returned from the call to `BulkUpdateAsync` will have all the `ChangeOperationResponse`'s for all the operations in the bulk update request. If any of the operations failed, then the failed operation's `ChangeOperationResponse`'s Descriptor's `SaveResultWasProcessed` value will be `Unchanged`. Also, the Descriptor's `SaveError` property will have the error of the failed operation. 

Reviewer 2: Add an example where you show how to handle a `DataServiceResponse`

> If the request gets processed successfully, the `DataServiceResponse` returned from the call to `BulkUpdateAsync` will have all the `ChangeOperationResponse`'s for all the operations in the bulk update request. If any of the operations failed, then the failed operation's `ChangeOperationResponse`'s Descriptor's `SaveResultWasProcessed` value will be `Unchanged`. Also, the Descriptor's `SaveError` property will have the error of the failed operation. 

Reviewer: Maybe you could simulate such a failure and attach a screenshot of Visual Studio with a view of the error expanded.

ms.topic: article
 
---
# Bulk Update Operations
**Applies To**: [!INCLUDE[appliesto-odataclient](../includes/appliesto-odataclient-v7.md)]

OData Client [v7.17.0](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.OData.Client/) introduced support for bulk update operations.

## What is a bulk update operation 

A bulk update operation is an operation that allows you to perform several operations (POST, PATCH and DELETE) on resources of the same type and all their related resources using a single request. This can be highly efficient in situations where you need to update multiple resources and wish to avoid sending separate requests to process each resource. [Learn more](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/odata/bulk-operations-support-in-odata-web-api/).

## Sample bulk update requests

### Model
To create the various sample requests in this tutorial, the following model classes will be used: 

``` csharp
public class Customer
{
    public int Id { get; set; }
    public string Name { get; set; }
    public int Age { get; set; }
    public List<Order> Orders { get; set; }
}

public class Order
{
    public int Id { get; set; }
    public decimal Amount { get; set; }
}
```
### Sample Request 1

> This sample request below demonstrates how to create a bulk update request in OData client to create 2 new customers in a single request:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This code block below demonstrates how to create 2 new customers in a bulk update request on OData client:
```

> How to make the above request from OData client.

Reviewer: This line is out of place/adds no value

```csharp
var context = new Container(new Uri("http://localhost:6285/odata/"));

var customer1 = new Customer
{
    Id = 1,
    Name = "Customer1",
    Age = 26
};

context.AddToCustomers(customer1);

var customer2 = new Customer
{
    Id = 2,
    Name = "Customer2",
    Age = 34
};

context.AddToCustomers(customer2)

DataServiceResponse response = await context.BulkUpdateAsync(customer1, customer2);
```

> 

Reviewer: Between the C# code block and the request payload that is generated behind the scenes, you should add something like:

The code above generates the following bulk update request payload:

```http
PATCH http://localhost:6285/odata/Customers
```
Request Body

```json
{
  "@context": "http://localhost:6285/odata/$metadata#Customers/$delta",
  "value": [{
	"Id": 1,
	"Name": "Customer1",
	"Age": 26
	},
	{
	  "Id": 2,
	  "Name": "Customer2",
	  "Age": 34
	}]
}
```

### Sample Request 2

> This sample request demonstrates how to create a bulk update request to create a new customer and 2 new orders and link the 2 created orders to the created customer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code demonstrates how to create a new customer and 2 new orders as well as link the orders to the customers in a bulk update request:
```

> How to make the above request from OData client.

Reviewer: This line is out of place/doesn't add any value

```csharp
var context = new Container(new Uri("http://localhost:6285/odata/"));

var customer = new Customer
{
    Id = 1,
    Name = "Customer1",
    Age = 26
};

> context.AddToCustomers(customer1);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
context.AddToCustomers(customer);
```

var order = new Order
{
    Id = 2,
    Amount = 10.24
};

var order2 = new Order
{
    Id = 3,
    Amount = 11.54
}

> context.AddToCustomers(customer2);

Reviewer 2: I can't see where `customer2` is initialized

context.AddRelatedOject(customer, "Orders", order);
context.AddRelatedObject(customer, "Orders", order2);

DataServiceResponse response = await context.BulkUpdateAsync(customer);
```

```http
PATCH http://localhost:6285/odata/Customers
```
Request Body

```json
{
  "@context": "http://localhost:6285/odata/Customers/$delta",
  "value": [{
	"Id": 1,
	"Name": "Customer1",
	"Orders@delta": [{
	  "Id": 1,
	  "Amount": 10.24,
	  },
	  {
		"Id": 2,
		"Amount": 11.54
	  }]
  }]
}
```

### Sample Request 3

> This sample request demonstrates how to create a new customer and update the amounts of 2 existing orders then link the updated orders to the created customer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code demonstrates how to create a new customer, update the amounts of 2 existing orders, and then link the updated orders to the created customer in a single bulk update request:
```

> How to make the above request from OData client.

Reviewer: This line is out of place/adds no value

```csharp
var context = new Container(new Uri("http://localhost:6285/odata/"));

var customer = new Customer
{
    Id = 1,
    Name = "Customer1",
    Age = 26
};

context.AddToCustomers(customer);

DataServiceCollection<Order> ordersCollection = new DataServiceCollection<Order>(context);
ordersCollection.Load(context.Orders);

ordersCollection[0].Amount = 14.12;
ordersCollection[1].Amount = 23.21;

context.AddLink(customer, "Orders", ordersCollection[0]);
context.AddLink(customer, "Orders", ordersCollection[1]);

DataServiceResponse response = await context.BulkUpdateAsync(customer);

// You can traverse the DataServiceResponse object like below: 
var changeOperationResponse = response.First() as ChangeOperationResponse;
EntityDescriptor entityDescriptor = changeOperationResponse.Descriptor as EntityDescriptor;
var returnedCustomer = entityDescriptor.Entity as Customer;
var nestedResponse = changeOperationResponse.NestedResponses[0] as ChangeOperationResponse;
LinkDescriptor orderDescriptor = nestedResponse.Descriptor as LinkDescriptor;
var linkedOrder = orderDescriptor.Target as Order;

Assert.Equal("Customer1", returnedCustomer.Name);
Assert.Equal(1, linkedOrder.Id);
```

> 

Reviewer: See my comments here https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/OData-docs/pull/299/files#r1317305456

```http
PATCH http://localhost:6285/odata/Customers
```
Request Body
```json
{
  "@context": "http://localhost:6285/odata/Customers/$delta",
  "value": [{
	"Id": 1,
	"Name": "Customer1",
	"Orders@delta": [{
	  "@id":"Orders(1)", 
	  "Amount": 14.12
	  },
	  {
		"@id": "Orders(2)",
		"Amount": 23.21
	  }]
  }]
}
```

### Sample Request 4

> This sample request demonstrates how to update the age of an existing customer and remove a link to an existing order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample request demonstrates how to update the age of an existing customer and remove a link to an existing order in a bulk update request.
```

> How to make the above request from OData client.

Reviewer: This line is out of place/adds no value

```csharp
var context = new Container(new Uri("http://localhost:6285/odata/"));

var customer = context.Customers.FirstOrDefault(a=>a.Id == 1);

customer.Age = 35;

context.UpdateObject(customer);

var order = context.Orders.FirstOrDefault(a=>a.Id == 2);

context.DeleteLink(customer, "Orders", order);

DataServiceResponse response = await context.BulkUpdateAsync(customer);
```

> 

Reviewer: See my comment here https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/OData-docs/pull/299/files#r1317313455

```http
PATCH http://localhost:6285/odata/Customers
```
Request Body
```json
{
  "@context": "http://localhost:6285/odata/Customers/$delta",
  "value": [{
	"Id": 1,
	"Name": "Customer1",
	"Age": 56,
	"Orders@delta": [{
	  "@removed": {
	    "reason": "changed"
		},
		"@id": "http://localhost:6285/odata/Orders(2)"
	  }]
	}]
}
```

> ## Things to Note: 

Reviewer: Should the synchronous `BulkUpdate` methods be another thing to note?

> ## Things to Note: 

Reviewer: I think it'd be better to have an ordered or numbered list

When calling the `BulkUpdateAsync` method, you need to pass in the top-level objects that you want to perform a bulk update on. 

> If the request gets processed successfully, the `DataServiceResponse` returned from the call to `BulkUpdateAsync` will have all the `ChangeOperationResponse`'s for all the operations in the bulk update request. If any of the operations failed, then the failed operation's `ChangeOperationResponse`'s Descriptor's `SaveResultWasProcessed` value will be `Unchanged`. Also, the Descriptor's `SaveError` property will have the error of the failed operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the request gets processed successfully, the `DataServiceResponse` returned from the call to `BulkUpdateAsync` will have all the `ChangeOperationResponse`'s for all the operations in the bulk update request. If any of the operations failed, then the failed operation's `ChangeOperationResponse`'s descriptor's `SaveResultWasProcessed` value will be `Unchanged`. Also, the descriptor's `SaveError` property will have the error of the failed operation.
```

```csharp

// ...

DataServiceResponse response = await context.BulkUpdateAsync(customer);

var customerChangeOperationResponse = response.FirstOrDefault() as ChangeOperationResponse;

> // For a failed operation, the SaveResultWasProcessed value is equal to EntityStates.Unchanged.

Reviewer: You could add a screenshot here showing the `customerChangeOperationResponse` variable expanded to the level where the `SaveResultWasProcessed` property is. Explaining the values it can hold in different scenarios would then be easier/clear.

// For a successful operation, the SaveResultWasProcessed value is equal to either EntityStates.Modified or EntityStates.Added or EntityStates.Deleted depending on the performed operation. 

> customerChangeOperationResponse.Descriptor.SaveResultWasProcessed = EntityStates.Unchanged

Reviewer: What is happening here? Is this something that someone would typically do?

Author: Yes. for them to know whether an operation was successful or not.

## Sample bulk update requests

### Model
To create the various sample requests in this tutorial, the following model classes will be used: 

``` csharp
public class Customer
{
    public int Id { get; set; }
    public string Name { get; set; }
    public int Age { get; set; }
    public List<Order> Orders { get; set; }
}

public class Order
{
    public int Id { get; set; }
    public decimal Amount { get; set; }
}
```
### Sample Request 1
The following code demonstrates how to create 2 customers in a bulk update request:

```csharp
var context = new Container(new Uri("http://localhost:6285/odata/"));

var customer1 = new Customer
{
    Id = 1,
    Name = "Customer1",
    Age = 26
};

context.AddToCustomers(customer1);

var customer2 = new Customer
{
    Id = 2,
    Name = "Customer2",
    Age = 34
};

context.AddToCustomers(customer2)

DataServiceResponse response = await context.BulkUpdateAsync(customer1, customer2);
```
The code above generates the following bulk update request payload: 

```http
PATCH http://localhost:6285/odata/Customers
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Request body:
```

```json
{
  "@context": "http://localhost:6285/odata/$metadata#Customers/$delta",
  "value": [
    {
      "Id": 1,
      "Name": "Customer1",
      "Age": 26
    },
    {
      "Id": 2,
      "Name": "Customer2",
      "Age": 34
    }
  ]
}
```

### Sample Request 2
The following code demonstrates how to create 1 customer and 2 orders, and then link the created orders to the created customer in a bulk update request:

```csharp
var context = new Container(new Uri("http://localhost:6285/odata/"));

var customer = new Customer
{
    Id = 1,
    Name = "Customer1",
    Age = 26
};

context.AddToCustomers(customer);

var order = new Order
{
    Id = 2,
    Amount = 10.24
};

var order2 = new Order
{
    Id = 3,
    Amount = 11.54
}

context.AddRelatedOject(customer, "Orders", order);
context.AddRelatedObject(customer, "Orders", order2);

DataServiceResponse response = await context.BulkUpdateAsync(customer);
```
The code above generates the following bulk update request payload: 

```http
PATCH http://localhost:6285/odata/Customers
```

> Request Body
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Request body:
```

    Name = "Customer1",
    Age = 26
};

context.AddToCustomers(customer);

DataServiceCollection<Order> ordersCollection = new DataServiceCollection<Order>(context);
ordersCollection.Load(context.Orders);

ordersCollection[0].Amount = 14.12;
ordersCollection[1].Amount = 23.21;

context.AddLink(customer, "Orders", ordersCollection[0]);
context.AddLink(customer, "Orders", ordersCollection[1]);

DataServiceResponse response = await context.BulkUpdateAsync(customer);

// You can traverse the DataServiceResponse object like below: 
var changeOperationResponse = response.First() as ChangeOperationResponse;
EntityDescriptor entityDescriptor = changeOperationResponse.Descriptor as EntityDescriptor;
var returnedCustomer = entityDescriptor.Entity as Customer;
var nestedResponse = changeOperationResponse.NestedResponses[0] as ChangeOperationResponse;
LinkDescriptor orderDescriptor = nestedResponse.Descriptor as LinkDescriptor;
var linkedOrder = orderDescriptor.Target as Order;

Assert.Equal("Customer1", returnedCustomer.Name);
Assert.Equal(1, linkedOrder.Id);
```
The code above generates the following bulk update request payload: 

```http
PATCH http://localhost:6285/odata/Customers
```

> Request Body

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Request body:
```

```json
{
  "@context": "http://localhost:6285/odata/Customers/$delta",
  "value": [
    {
      "Id": 1,
      "Name": "Customer1",
      "Orders@delta": [
        {
          "@id": "Orders(1)",
          "Amount": 14.12
        },
        {
          "@id": "Orders(2)",
          "Amount": 23.21
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

### Sample Request 4
This sample request demonstrates how to update the age of an existing customer and remove a link to an existing order in a bulk update request:

```csharp
var context = new Container(new Uri("http://localhost:6285/odata/"));

var customer = context.Customers.FirstOrDefault(a=>a.Id == 1);

customer.Age = 35;

context.UpdateObject(customer);

var order = context.Orders.FirstOrDefault(a=>a.Id == 2);

context.DeleteLink(customer, "Orders", order);

DataServiceResponse response = await context.BulkUpdateAsync(customer);
```
The code above generates the following bulk update request payload: 

```http
PATCH http://localhost:6285/odata/Customers
```

> Request Body

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Request body:
```

```json
{
  "@context": "http://localhost:6285/odata/Customers/$delta",
  "value": [
    {
      "Id": 1,
      "Name": "Customer1",
      "Age": 56,
      "Orders@delta": [
        {
          "@removed": {
            "reason": "changed"
          },
          "@id": "http://localhost:6285/odata/Orders(2)"
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

## Things to Note: 
1. The `BulkUpdateAsync` method should be called with the top-level objects that you want to perform a bulk update on.

> 2. There is a synchronous method - BulkUpdate- that works as the `BulkUpdateAsync` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. There is a complementary `BulkUpdate` method applicable in synchronous scenarios.
```

3. If the request gets processed successfully, the `DataServiceResponse` returned from the call to `BulkUpdateAsync` will have all the `ChangeOperationResponse`'s for all the operations in the bulk update request. If any of the operations failed, then the failed operation's `ChangeOperationResponse`'s descriptor's `SaveResultWasProcessed` value will be `Unchanged`. Also, the descriptor's `SaveError` property will have the error of the failed operation.

![A sample screenshot of how the ChangeOperationResponse looks like](../assets/descriptor-status.png)

```csharp
// ...

DataServiceResponse response = await context.BulkUpdateAsync(customer);

var customerChangeOperationResponse = response.FirstOrDefault() as ChangeOperationResponse;

// For a failed operation, the SaveResultWasProcessed value is equal to EntityStates.Unchanged.
// For a successful operation, the SaveResultWasProcessed value is equal to either EntityStates.Modified or EntityStates.Added or EntityStates.Deleted depending on the performed operation. 

> customerChangeOperationResponse.Descriptor.SaveResultWasProcessed = EntityStates.Unchanged

Reviewer: I'm still at a loss... Can `customerChangeOperationResponse.Descriptor.SaveResultWasProcessed` property be assigned to in this manner in typical usage?

Author: Yes it can but in this case it's meant to show its value. maybe use the double equal signs

```
The code above generates the following bulk update request payload: 

```http
PATCH http://localhost:6285/odata/Customers
```
Request body:

```json
{
  "@context": "http://localhost:6285/odata/Customers/$delta",
  "value": [
    {
      "Id": 1,
      "Name": "Customer1",
      "Age": 56,
      "Orders@delta": [
        {
          "@removed": {
            "reason": "changed"
          },
          "@id": "http://localhost:6285/odata/Orders(2)"
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

## Things to Note: 
1. The `BulkUpdateAsync` method should be called with the top-level objects that you want to perform a bulk update on.

2. There is a complementary `BulkUpdate` method applicable in synchronous scenarios.

3. If the request gets processed successfully, the `DataServiceResponse` returned from the call to `BulkUpdateAsync` will have all the `ChangeOperationResponse`'s for all the operations in the bulk update request. If any of the operations failed, then the failed operation's `ChangeOperationResponse`'s descriptor's `SaveResultWasProcessed` value will be `Unchanged`. Also, the descriptor's `SaveError` property will have the error of the failed operation.

> 

Reviewer: Remove this line so that the screenshot will appear nested - same level as the text for # 3.

![A sample screenshot of how the ChangeOperationResponse looks like](../assets/descriptor-status.png)

> 

Reviewer: Try either of the following things in order for the code snippet to be nested at the same level as the text for #3.
1. Remove the empty line
2. If (1) isn't sufficient, try adding 4 leading spaces to all the lines in the code snippet, i.e.,
    ```csharp
   // ...
    ```

That way the code snippet will rightly appear to be relevant to point 3
